---
mylogger_id: 4655
tags: [me]
added: "2013-10-01 18:01:15"
completed: "2013-10-01 18:01:23"
source: mylogger
---

# Note 4655

Tags: #me

PRIMAL ZODIAC SIGN OF
DOVEIndependent, energetic, and adventurous, those born under the Primal Zodiac sign of the Dove love life and long for new experiences. Members of this sign are always looking forward; they rarely dwell on the past. Doves are often restless, which can lead them to take risks in life. They are also lucky, though, so most of the time everything works out just fine.To be fair, Doves probably just seem lucky because they are so optimistic. Even when they are feeling down, those born under this sign always manage to get back on track. They believe that they can have whatever they want if they work hard for it, and they are almost always right. Excellent at learning new things, there are very few tasks that Doves do not excel at. For them, the greatest challenge is not taking on a new enterprise, but staying interested long enough to finish it!Always focused on what’s coming up around the corner, Doves have a hard time living in the moment. They have tons of energy and never want to stop moving, which ironically causes them to miss out on many of life’s more subtle experiences. Those born under this sign will have to find a way to slow themselves down long enough to smell the roses every once in a while or they risk running straight through life like it was a race. If it was a race, though, they would be certain to win.COMPATIBILITY (LOVE & FRIENDSHIP)Doves can be difficult for some people to get along with, but that’s largely because they are misunderstood. While some see them as self-absorbed, unpredictable, and rude, those who know a Dove well know that this is not really the case. Yes, they are spirited, independent and have a tendency to speak bluntly, but they also have big hearts, great senses of humor, and a unique philosophy about life. They make truly great friends for those who take the time to understand what drives them.Though often seen a symbol of love, intimate relationships can be challenging for Doves. Like their animal namesake, members of this sign are difficult to keep in one place. They are fiercely independent and abhor the idea of being “owned” or controlled by anyone. They themselves are not jealous or possessive people, so they have a hard time understanding when other people are. Doves get bored easily and when they do they are not very pleasant to be around. Those considering a Dove as a long-term partner need to both understand and accept their nature and find a way to make it work with their lives. In truth, there are not many who can handle the unconventional nature of this relationship, but those who do are in for a lifetime of adventures.CAREERS & GOALSAs if born for adventure Doves not only enjoy traveling the world, but usually have a knack for languages as well. They make great language teachers, translators, and interpreters and naturally do well as tour guides, explorers, and ambassadors to foreign countries. They love to experience new places and don’t fear change or the unexpected. Particularly religious Doves will likely enjoy work as missionaries. Particularly athletic ones may find themselves traveling from city to city playing professional sports.Even the most settled Dove needs to have some sort of connection to the world beyond their home. That’s why a career in importing or exporting is a wonderful fit for those born under this sign. Even if travel is not involved, Doves do well connecting with others through both shared and differing experiences in life. For this reason, many enjoy advertising as it gives them access to the collective consciousness of a culture and its people.FAMOUS DOVESSarah Hyland (11/24/1990)Katie Holmes (12/18/1978)Manny Pacquiao (12/17/1978)Nelly Furtado (12/2/1978)Clay Aiken (11/30/1978)Katherine Heigl (11/24/1978)Kiefer Sutherland (12/21/1966)Sinead O'Connor (12/8/1966)C. Thomas Howell (12/7/1966)Chris Evert (12/21/1954)Jermaine Jackson (12/11/1954)Bruce Hornsby (11/23/1954)Hu Jintao (12/21/1942)Dave Clark (12/15/1942)Donna Mills (12/11/1942)Dick Butkus (12/9/1942)Harry Chapin (12/7/1942)Jimi Hendrix (11/27/1942)Bob Guccione (12/17/1930)Buck Henry (12/9/1930)Maximilian Schell (12/8/1930)Jean-Luc Godard (12/3/1930)G. Gordon Liddy (11/30/1930)Jeff Chandler (12/15/1918)Joe Williams (12/12/1918)Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn (12/11/1918)Madeline L'Engle (11/29/1918)Agnes Moorehead (12/6/1906)Otto Preminger (12/5/1906)Arthur Fiedler (12/17/1894)James Thurber (12/8/1894)Brooks Atkinson (11/28/1894)Fiorello La Guardia (12/11/1882)William S. Hart (12/6/1870)Solanus Casey (11/25/1870)Carry Nation (11/25/1846)
