---
mylogger_id: 41256
tags: [je]
added: "2019-07-02 14:17:08"
source: mylogger
---

# Note 41256

Tags: #je

Ideal Candidate Profile
 
Academic Background

An advanced university degree in economics or relevant related fields. Good knowledge of macroeconomic policy and econometrics is required. A specialisation in Asian economies would be a key asset.
Professional Background

A minimum of two years' experience in applied economic research in the context of emerging or Asian economies.
Proven record of analytical work, in particular applied economic analysis (analytical reports and/or published papers).
A broad knowledge of current economic conditions in emerging countries, particularly in Asia.
Tools
Proficiency in the use of standard software applications (MS Office).
Extensive experience in the handling of data sources, econometric techniques and the use of statistical software (Stata, E-views) are required.
Languages
An excellent written and oral command of one of the official languages of the Organisation (English and French) and a good knowledge of, or willingness to learn, the other language.
Knowledge of an Asian language would be an asset.
Core Competencies

For this role, the following competencies would be particular important: Achievement focus, Analytical thinking, Drafting skills, Flexible thinking, Teamwork, Client focus and Diplomatic sensitivity.
Please refer to the level 3 indicators of the OECD Core Competencies.
 
Contract Duration
One year fixed term appointment, with the possibility of renewal.
