---
source: mylogger
mylogger_id: 3208
created: 2013-04-22T15:32:51+00:00
created_raw: 2013-04-22 15:32:51
completed_raw: 
tags:
  - funny
---

MAN RULESnnAT LAST A GUY HAS TAKEN THE TIME TO WRITE THIS ALL DOWNnFINALLY, the guys' side of the story. ( I MUST ADMIT, IT'S PRETTY GOOD.)nnWE ALWAYS HEAR 'THE RULES' FROM THE FEMALE SIDEnNOW HERE ARE THE RULES FROM THE MALE SIDEnnTHESE ARE OUR RULES!nnPLEASE NOTE. THESE ARE ALL NUMBERED #1 ON PURPOSE!nn1. MEN ARE NOT MIND READERS.nn1. LEARN TO WORK THE TOILET SEAT. YOU'RE A BIG GIRL. IF IT'S UP, PUT IT DOWN. WE NEED IT UP, YOU NEED IT DOWN. YOU DON'T HEAR US COMPLAINING ABOUT YOU LEAVING IT DOWN.nn1. CRYING IS BLACKMAIL.nn1. ASK FOR WHAT YOU WANT. LET US BE CLEAR ON THIS ONE:nnSUBTLE HINTS DO NOT WORK!nSTRONG HINTS DO NOT WORK!nOBVIOUS HINTS DO NOT WORK!nJUST SAY IT!nn1. YES AND NO ARE PERFECTLY ACCEPTABLE ANSWERS TO ALMOST EVERY QUESTION.nn1.. COME TO US WITH A PROBLEM ONLY IF YOU WANT HELP SOLVING IT. THAT'S WHAT WE DO. SYMPATHY IS WHAT YOUR GIRLFRIENDS ARE FOR.nn1. ANYTHING WE SAID 6 MONTHS AGO IS INADMISSIBLE IN AN ARGUMENT. IN FACT, ALL COMMENTS BECOME NULL AND VOID AFTER 7 DAYS.nn1. IF YOU THINK YOU'RE FAT, YOU PROBABLY ARE. DON'T ASK US.nn1. IF SOMETHING WE SAID CAN BE INTERPRETED TWO WAYS AND ONE OF THE WAYS MAKES YOU SAD OR ANGRY, WE MEANT THE OTHER ONE.nn1. YOU CAN EITHER ASK US TO DO SOMETHING OR TELL US HOW YOU WANT IT DONE. NOT BOTH.nIF YOU ALREADY KNOW BEST HOW TO DO IT, JUST DO IT YOURSELF.nn1. WHENEVER POSSIBLE, PLEASE SAY WHATEVER YOU HAVE TO SAY DURING COMMERCIALS.nn1. CHRISTOPHER COLUMBUS DID NOT NEED DIRECTIONS AND NEITHER DO WE...nn1. ALL MEN SEE IN ONLY 16 COLORS, LIKE WINDOWS DEFAULT SETTINGS..nPEACH, FOR EXAMPLE, IS A FRUIT, NOT A COLOR. PUMPKIN IS ALSO A FRUIT. WE HAVE NO IDEA WHAT MAUVE IS.nn1. IF WE ASK WHAT IS WRONG AND YOU SAY 'NOTHING,' WE WILL ACT LIKE NOTHING'S WRONG. WE KNOW YOU ARE LYING, BUT IT IS JUST NOT WORTH THE HASSLE.nn1. IF YOU ASK A QUESTION YOU DON'T WANT AN ANSWER TO, EXPECT AN ANSWER YOU DON'T WANT TO HEAR..nn1. WHEN WE HAVE TO GO SOMEWHERE, ABSOLUTELY ANYTHING YOU WEAR IS FINE...REALLY.nn1.. DON'T ASK US WHAT WE'RE THINKING ABOUT UNLESS YOU ARE PREPARED TO DISCUSS SUCH TOPICS AS FOOTBALL OR MOTOR SPORTS.nn1. YOU HAVE ENOUGH CLOTHES.nn1 .. YOU HAVE TOO MANY SHOES.nn1. I AM IN SHAPE. ROUND IS A SHAPE!nn1.. THANK YOU FOR READING THIS. YES, I KNOW, I HAVE TO SLEEP ON THE COUCH TONIGHT.. BUT DID YOU KNOW MEN REALLY DON'T MIND THAT? IT'S LIKE CAMPING...nnPASS THIS TO AS MANY MEN AS YOU CAN - TO GIVE THEM A LAUGH...nnPASS THIS TO AS MANY WOMEN AS YOU CAN - TO GIVE THEM A BIGGER LAUGH, BECAUSE ITS TRUE! —
