---
source: mylogger
mylogger_id: 11455
created: 2016-08-11T10:30:14+00:00
created_raw: 2016-08-11 10:30:14
completed_raw: 
tags:
  - predix
---

12 factor appn1.   Codebase.n  One codebase per app. Code depends on libraries, not on shared code.n2.   Dependenciesn  Explicitly declare and isolate dependencies. A twelve-factor app never relies on implicit existence of system-wide packages.  If the app needs to use a system tool, that tool should be vendored into the app.n3.   Confign  Store config in the environment. n  A litmus test for whether an app has all config correctly factored out of the code is whether the codebase could be made open source at any moment, without compromising any credentials.n  The twelve-factor app stores config in environment variables. They are never grouped together as “environments”(e.g development, test, production), but instead are independently managed for each deploy.nn  * Need exampeles.n4.   Backing servicesn  Treat backing services as attached resourcesn5.   Build, release, runn  Strictly separate build and run stages.n  Releases are immutable. Run stage should have least possible moving parts.nn  Build- from code to excutable.n  Release-  Build + Confign  Run-  launching some set of the app’s processes against a selected release.nn6.   Processesn  Execute the app as one or more stateless processesnn  The memory space or filesystem of the process can be used as a brief, single-transaction cache. Session state data is a good candidate for a datastore that offers time-expiration, such as Memcached or Redis.n  Shared Nothing Architecture.n7.   Port bindingn  Export services via port bindingn  Run web apps with embeded webserver. Bind a port for any service like XMPP, Reids etc.n8.   Concurrencyn  Scale out via the process modeln  http://12factor.net/concurrency Does this suggest to create independent system processes?nn  *Did not understand clearly.n9.   Disposabilityn  Maximize robustness with fast startup and graceful shutdownnn   Crash-only design. Design the processes to be crashed at any time.nn10. Dev/prod parityn  Keep development, staging, and production as similar as possiblenn  Continuoues deployement. The code author and deployer should be same.n11. Logsn  Treat logs as event streamsn  Open-source log routers (such as Logplex and Fluent) are available for this purpose.nn12. Admin processesn  Run admin/management tasks as one-off processes
