---
source: mylogger
mylogger_id: 45558
created: 2022-02-10T14:55:28+00:00
created_raw: 2022-02-10 14:55:28
completed_raw: 
tags:
  - nanu
---

#Amazonnn1.  A transformation sequence from word beginWord to word endWord using a dictionary wordList is a sequence of words beginWord -> s1 -> s2 -> ... -> sk such that:nnEvery adjacent pair of words differs by a single letter.nEvery si for 1 <= i <= k is in wordList. Note that beginWord does not need to be in wordList.nsk == endWordnGiven two words, beginWord and endWord, and a dictionary wordList, return all the shortest transformation sequences from beginWord to endWord, or an empty list if no such sequence exists. Each sequence should be returned as a list of the words [beginWord, s1, s2, ..., sk].nn2. The set [1, 2, 3, ..., n] contains a total of n! unique permutations.nnBy listing and labeling all of the permutations in order, we get the following sequence for n = 3:nn"123"n"132"n"213"n"231"n"312"n"321"nGiven n and k, return the kth permutation sequence.nnn3.    Given two strings word1 and word2, return the minimum number of operations required to convert word1 to word2.nnYou have the following three operations permitted on a word:nnInsert a characternDelete a characternReplace a characterGiven two strings word1 and word2, return the minimum number of operations required to convert word1 to word2.nnYou have the following three operations permitted on a word:nnInsert a characternDelete a characternReplace a characternn4.  Given an array nums of n integers, return an array of all the unique quadruplets [nums[a], nums[b], nums[c], nums[d]] such that:nn0 <= a, b, c, d < nna, b, c, and d are distinct.nnums[a] + nums[b] + nums[c] + nums[d] == targetnYou may return the answer in any order.nn5.    Given a sorted array of distinct integers and a target value, return the index if the target is found. If not, return the index where it would be if it were inserted in order.nnYou must write an algorithm with O(log n) runtime complexity.nn6.  Given a non-negative integer x, compute and return the square root of x.nnSince the return type is an integer, the decimal digits are truncated, and only the integer part of the result is returned.
