---
source: mylogger
mylogger_id: 46683
created: 2023-06-02T18:10:20+00:00
created_raw: 2023-06-02 18:10:20
completed_raw: 
tags:
  - muni
---

Who is on call? Says mom, behaves erratic.nn\nI asked what happened says don’t want to say. Just upset. I asked if I did something she says no, wants to watch movie. Told can chat with me or watch movie, but wont tell the reason for being upset. As she wanted to watch movie I told continue watching movie.nn\nCalled again to ask she was already upset by 8pm when I first noticed not normal response. That time also I called to check if she angry. Now she says that she was upset from that time but didn’t want to tell me anything so didn’t say. I said I could notice you are not normal and asked you said all okay, so I was thinking if I did something, now she says upset for some other reason and will never tell the reason, not now or never. She says her friends also leave her alone if she says she is upsetnn\nAsking to leave her alone for some time. Probably by tomorrow she will be normal.nn\nI need to decide if I can tolerate this suspense and erratic behaviour. Yesterday night also told she is upset for unknown reason but talked normally after sometime.nn\nYesterday I was thinking if she was upset because, se rushi thila pic magiki but mu saree magithili se mana kala similar way re mu rusi nathili. Se kahila ta bhul thila, mote lagila mu negative katha ta nare kahithili Sethipain nakhara karuchi. But now I’m not sure what’s the reasonnn\nNow she is upset from yesterday and not saying reason. This is a difficult situation for me. I can’t tolerate suspense now she is erratic to me and I don’t know the cause.nn\nI couldn’t sleep, called again and again. She responds but says won’t say reason. Asking do you think I’m talking to someone else. I dont think so, I said. She says she is focusing on movie and trying to come out of her upset thoughts and I’m reminding her again and again.nn\nShe says will be normal by tomorrow and I said I won’t call her again until she does. I should really leave her, don’t even ask this reason again. If she tells in morning okay otherwise make a decision if can tolerate this kind of behaviour.nn\nNext day talked on call normally says you not giving me time to take care of me first. Asking me when I say don’t want to share also. I said I can’t stay with suspense, you this time knew I’ll be impatient still didn’t say. She says I told it’s not about you and can’t share this with you, still you didn’t listen kept calling. Now also seems like you won’t leave me without extracting the reason. Finally said will tell in chat after coming back from fish market. I’m getting irritated of you asking this repeatedly.nn\nBy noon Finally she said why she was upset yesterday, She was on call with me I told I reached home and can’t talk. She says she was trying to say something I said bye. I might have done that, many times I do that. Before someone completes I say bye.nn\nThe next day she talked about it again. Saying there was some problem at home to that she can’t share. I also didn’t talk to so she felt upset. Asking me to let her alone sometimes when she is upset and says wants to be alone.
