---
source: mylogger
mylogger_id: 46665
created: 2023-05-29T11:55:54+00:00
created_raw: 2023-05-29 11:55:54
completed_raw: 
tags:
  - ch1
---

- [ ] Stop looking at phone. Unless it rings don’t see it.n  - [ ] Okay to look when already chatting.n  - [ ] Avoid completely during work.n- [ ] Stop rereading messages/recalling calls for a week. It’s equivalent to rumination.n- [ ] Stop expecting her to talk before 11pm in the night, plan and use the time without having to wait for her message/call. Respond if free, if busy tell her to talk later.n- [ ] Don’t ask any explanations for late reply or no response to calls. Not even indirectly, don’t mention it at all. Best way; don’t even try to guess why she didn’t, if try to find reason, I’ll end up asking. Just accept that not good to control people. ==Asking for explanation is controlling indirectly==n  - [ ] Don’t check her online status on insta/whatsapp.n- [ ] Don’t call more than once until she calls back.n  - [ ] If call is waiting, don’t repeat calling unless it is absolutely urgent.n- [ ] Don’t call when she stops responding to chat. In day don’t do anything. If late night, just say, maybe you are away, I’m sleepy, good night.n  - [ ] Okay to call if know for sure she might have dosed off, close the chat gracefully.n- [ ] Don’t ping her during work to even if remembered her. Okay to ping when lunch. Only asking what’s up/lunch? don’t write stories.n- [ ] Don’t ask when she will be available. Ping in free time and sleep if not available. Never ask why late. If feels slow just ask once if want to sleep, no more asking. If I feel bored due ti slowness finish early and sleepn- [ ] Stop any impulsive communication and don’t explain why I’m like this and need her help. I’ll improve on my own. This is an excuse to say I’m impulsive. Asking for help means I’m justifying being impulsive is acceptable. No, I should not put pressure in her or anyone.n- [ ] Don’t ask why mobile is not reachable, silent or aeroplane mode. Don’t even ask not to do that. Don’t ask when she will be available.n- [ ] ==Don’t ask contractual questions==n- [ ] Observe if she calls and messages me. Also to Bada and Sana as she told will do.n- [ ] Don’t tell her I discuss things in home.n  - [ ] Discuss but tell only if required, otherwise don’tn- [ ] In some cases don’t need to ask others or think also. Wait and see the actions things will be more clear.n- [ ] Don’t tell all the thoughts sometimes better to remain mysteryn- [ ] She talks for hour long with Mom, Sister and some friends, during that time she sometimes not responding to the messages, I call to get attention during the call, I get call waiting, and wait for a response text, when already know waiting in a call why to even expect a text response? The waiting time during her calls makes me anxious, so don’t expect immediate response, world wont end without her response. I should respect her personal time, don’t be clingy.n  - [ ] Maybe something serious is going on in her family. Earlier she was responding to chat during calls, was not getting irritated. Now says talking to mom and not responding to chat. Not sure what is going on. If they are not interested to proceed for marriage they wont send details for engagement. Maybe something else. Not related to us.nn\n
