---
source: mylogger
mylogger_id: 46645
created: 2023-05-24T06:59:37+00:00
created_raw: 2023-05-24 06:59:37
completed_raw: 
tags:
  - muni
---

24th Mayn1\.10am who? She sent screenshot of call with Ambalika later afraid 4am.nnI called twice by 1.32am, call was waiting. She didn’t even see my messages on telegram not told whom she is talking or how long will it take.nnBelow message I wrote in note pad instead of sending directly in chat, I might be harsh as I was irritated already. I couldn’t sleep even after taking anxiety pill, Lonazap MD 0.5mg.nnWhile I’m talking in call with you if someone calls you put me on hold. While I’m chatting, you disappear even at 1.10am to talk someone esle on call without telling when you will be available again. You stay on other call for hour long and not even respond to my messages if I call repeatedly to get your attention. You think okay to make me wait any time for hours? But not respond to my message which will take only a few seconds while talking to someone else on call?nnYou saying you can’t talk/chat with me when you are physically with other people, probably makes sense, but when in call with others also you can’t respond to my chat? I’m not even expecting to put others on hold for me.nnWhen I’m physically walking with you, you don’t mind talking to others for long because they are impatient.nnHow do you explain your attitude towards me?nnNot comparing with anyone as you will assume. But see the facts from my side alone. When I was saying I’m missing you, you disappeared, completely ignoring me.nnWhen you are talking to someone else you don’t give me a rat’s ass.nnShe sent below message at 4.14amnnOh no  ! My sleep broke now… I slept off actually.. I’m so sorry.. yes, it was ambalika.. we were talking and she slept off.. I didn’t disconnect.. it got disconnected automatically at 3.. I’m so sorry.. don’t know how to make you understand.. I was not talking to her while chatting..nnI asked her to call me, she did after this message
