---
source: mylogger
mylogger_id: 46761
created: 2023-06-19T14:19:39+00:00
created_raw: 2023-06-19 14:19:39
completed_raw: 
tags:
  - muni
---

She is going to airport by metro to receive Ambalika at 11.35pm, my flight was also scheduled at same time but didn’t come to receive. Saying now will go with Stuti but that time Stuti’s parents were in home also Stuti didn’t offer to receive like she did now. Saying it’s difficult as people don’t speak English or Hindi there.nn\n\nI called at 11.53pm responded promptly was booking cab to go home. Then will have dinner, pinged at 12.20am no response yet, 12.42am. Will call around 12.50am and sleep after that.nn\nShe responded at 12.43am saying reached, I called after that she said in Kitchen. But sounds worried and uncomfortable, still talked. Said nothing in mind you tell. I asked what plans tomorrow? Said if not raining will go to office, else will wfh. I told nothing much just will talk 2-3 minutes and sleep. But she talked only one minute.nn\nWhy is she uncomfortable to talk now? She was normal when talking from Airport. Is it because she is cooking? But she talks normally while cooking also when Stuti around. What’s the logic behind this behaviour when Ambalika around? I feel she wants to finish the call quickly.nn\nMaybe because it’s late night, Swarupa was saying earlier that Ambalika thinks I have trapped her. So might not be talking, check how she behaves in day time. But maybe it will be uncomfortable to be friendly with me when her close friend is around. I’m not sure about this theory, need to validate from someone.nn\nFollowing is her statement copied from telegram. According to that she is uncomfortable infront of Ambalika. But is it because she will judge or they are emotionally attached and Am I a threat to their relationship?nn\nYou can ask me to talk to you anytime.. but never think I’m ignoring you or you are not important for me.. I love you so much.. my character is also different.. I don’t feel comfortable in front of others.. concern about what people will think especially my closed ones not outsiders.. you may not have to deal with others as you live alone but I get mingled up with everyone and unable to ignore them..nn\n\n1\.29am. I’m unable to sleep. If she is uncomfortable to talk in front of Ambalika it’s wrong to call now. But she told won’t be uncomfortable when asked few days back before Ambalika comes to Chennai, probably just to make me comfortable. She was clearly uncomfortable in last call. But for me difficult to sleep as she didn’t talk properly.nn\nLet me imagine in her situation, a friend has come and she is eating with her. If I repeatedly calls just to prove that I’m important to her and she should talk normally no matter where she is. As she is already uncomfortable me calling her will make more uncomfortable and irritated, she may tell something that will hurt me even more or may reject or may not respond to my call. So it’s wise not to call. Let’s see if I can self control to be wise or be stupid to give in to temptation. Yes, I need to verify if her being this uncomfortable is natural. But that answer is not needed right now for me to sleep. Sleeping is more important right now than this answer.nn\n1\.44am still getting tempted to call. Knowing she might not behave well or even ignore the call.nn\nCalled twice at 1.47 and 1.48am no response and two more times by 1.56am. No response to call or messages. Pinged in both insta and telegram, no response. Is she keeping in completely silence mode? What to do? Sleep now.nn\n2\.16am. Still not able to sleep. I know it’s painful for me to resist calling or messaging. But should wait for her to message or call. Then ask why she can’t even talk 2/3 min. She talked like not interested and had to disconnect in one minute. Based on results decide to continue or drop this marriage processnn\nThis was 3rd sleepless night because you ignored me for Ambalikann\nMorning she says: I told you to sleep as I know it will take indefinite time to clean, cook and all. I assumed you will sleep too. There was no charge so put the phone in silent and charged in different room. This charing in different room is odd. Also saying can’t I get tired? Saying not checked phone and slept.nn\nWhy saying Ambalika, I told this happed all the time she was with you,nn\nI asked why not clearly say that she doesn’t have time. Says thought can manage to talk. And sorry for that.nn\nAlso saying why waited one hour if you know you cant sleep. You could have asked at that time in this tone you are asking, to talk in proper tone. Maybe I was tired and talked in a different tone. She says she is waiting for calling next day as she is able to sleep well. If you cant sleep better to talk that time, instead of waiting.nn\nDon’t you know if you will feel tired after some time? If you know it will take indefinite time why not saying me that. Also if you say not available and can manage to come, it is better.nnWhat is logic for charging mobile in different room in silent mode.nn\nWhat if emergency? I did not expect anyone will call so put in silent.nn\nCalled again while going to office, Says: You are selfish, jealous of Ambalika, jiddi, I can’t give you priority to only you leaving everything, my eating, sleep, family and friends. I’m like this and will be like this, you discuss in your home and I’ll also discuss in my home. I came late, had not even eaten, you don’t care about it. You are expecting me to talk at night 2am.nn\nI think also told doing drama that you could not sleep for small things.nn\nShe wants to talk in her home and asked me to talk in my home too.nn\nShe talks like mood swing one time rude, one time requesting.nn\nSwarupa Pradhan, \[20/06/23 11:19 AM\]nOne more thing next time if I’ll say I’m busy don’t expect me to call or message me and ask I just want to talk casuallynnSwarupa Pradhan, \[20/06/23 11:20 AM\]nAnd if my voice is different, don’t question menn\nSwarupa Pradhan, \[20/06/23 11:22 AM\]nSee, I don’t want to list anything permanently.. as everything happens as per situationnnSwarupa Pradhan, \[20/06/23 11:23 AM\]nI’m saying this now because you are asking me why didn’t I do this and why did I do thisnn\nIf just one more new person in home and you are overwhelmed. Are. you competent? Why did she go to pick up Ambalika? Also when Swarupa has to go to office why Ambalika has gone to Chennai? Their attachment appears unusual to me.nn\nNot calling back to Sana bada ever, even though has told will call then.nn\nRajesh says: Think this as a love game, stay detached. Give some gaps, dont blame, but act as you are hurt for the circumstances not because of her fault. Now you are making her feel guilty for you not being able to sleep, fix you sleep issue. Be less dependent. Enjoy the emotional pain, you wont feel it again ever. But talk impulsively, think like nobody will change for you. Thought people accommodate each other over time after getting into relationship. You should be happy she has a close friend, it’s rare these days. Dont compete with her, she has 8 years of history, you dont have 8 monhts also.nn\nNot sure if I can sleep well today, yesterday ate 2 clonotril .25s and did not work, not slept at all, will ask a psychiatrist if can give some medicine. Have librium but if take that cant drive for 36hrs, also not sure if will good sleep.nn\nTomorrow has Psychologist counselling with Ruhi Samina, that was pre scheduled, not because of this event.nn\n\nEvening 8min silent call both didn’t get topics.nn\nNight 15 call both had nothing to talk I asked some life style questions from google then asked to chat. Says will chat a little and sleep. I greed. Sent some emojis, no response, called no response. Probably away from mobile.nn\n21/6:23: 10:12, called. She had sent good morning earlier, after I responded she chatted few minutes then called. Said she won’t check her messages/calls after 12,  Don’t expect her after that time. Now I can’t discuss in home as they will first scold her for chatting with me till late. But if she is busy she won’t check her messages or calls after 12am. If I don’t respond assume I’m busy or sleeping, don’t keep thinking. I’m not going to pubs and all. I stay home. It’s her habit to keep phone in silence so others don’t get disturbed, she will keep in silent after 12. Said this is for always otherwise you will think I’m doing this to give priority to Ambalika. I’m like this and won’t expect me to change.  With this statement she concluded the discussion. Moved on to ask if packed etc. Then told will go to bath disconnected the call.nn\nI need to think if acceptable to have phone in silence. Maybe she has too many people calling her in midnight. Even in day time she puts in silence and sleeps not sure how many calls is she getting daily.nn\n21/6:23 11.08pm: In call I asked if she is upset/angry, she said no why will I get angry? I told because of my impulsivity. Then she cried saying that you are not understanding, I had only one close friend who was visiting me now I’m talking in front of her and she is already uncomfortable and wants to leave, but I’m asking to stay. You always say will change but repeating same thing. All people will expect me to marry and stay with you so I’ll let that happen I’ll disconnect from Ambalika. I dont need to disconnect, listening all these Ambalika herself will reduce meeting me. You said to let me have all my freedom and do whatever but you in action you showing the opposite. Not trusting anything, asking me to talk in front of her making her and me both uncomfortable. Yes these are my mistakes, I’m unable to respond to your calls and all you can talk in your home and make an informed decision if you want to marry me or not. I said I’m clear to marry you. As I understand I was wrong and asking Psychologist help for being less impulsive, you can attend next session. I told these behaviours of mine are temporary, I’ll get better, then she say no, I’ll take action let my friends go and be available all the time for you. You promised freedom, but in action you are controlling all my actions, when I talk to you , when I meet someone. Otherwise you are not sleeping all people, in family will blame me. You might be taking decision emotionally. Better talk in home, or to your close friends make an informed decision and tell me answer after thinking. No matter how I told I’m well informed, she did not agree. From today evening somehow I’m internally feeling she is the right one for me, intuitively. I’m seeing you in microscopic eye all the time. Despite of that she behaves well with me. What else I need? Attitude/Intention always matters more than skill.nn\nFinally she left me with a question to answer after thinking. Will I marry her? nn\nMy Response:nnYou have passed my entire checklist when I was not emotional with you, I don’t question that judgement of mine. Yes, I agreed you will have freedom to do things, reasonably, as I was adding conditions for everything that time. Now also I’m sticking to that promise. Till now most of the things you are doing are reasonable. Then; What makes me behave impulsively if your actions are reasonable? I have become very close to you emotionally, and want to stay connect all the time, which is not practical. This combined with my unusual expectation on clear communication putting pressure on you. “**I expect closure and clear communication”**, means, I’m expecting you to answer in a deterministic way. e.g The other day you have told me that, in your language, You sleep, I’ll be late. It can be interpreted as don’t expect me to be available tonight, but I interpreted it as, If I can stay awake long enough you will be available to talk. Not that I’m not able to infer the former meaning at that time, but I hoped the second meaning to come true. Here comes the problem, I wanted something then I want it real quick, otherwise a clear reason for why it is not achievable. My primal brain does not understand that when people are involved, they will have their agenda and personal life. They can’t be available at my whim. I ask you for reason at that time as I’m still operating with my primal brain. When people become emotional Prefrontal cortex stops and primal brain leads, where logic does not work. This is why, when I’m impulsive, I ask you for reasons for you action even for small things, that I could have guessed on my own.nn\nI have never been emotionally attached at this level to anyone not even with friends. So I have not exercised this patterns in brain. That’s a skill need to be developed. I’m working on it. I’ll fix this definitely in few weeks.nn\nAbout your communication, sometimes you keep phone in silence/on a long call and don’t respond. I think that is reasonable, you know what is priority when. It might cause inconvenience sometimes, but acceptable.nn\nAbout you doing any other things, I believe you are emotionally smart and will make good and reasonable decisions.nn\nI can write so many good things about you or us. But today’s task was to Explain why I can still marry you. Considering the above essay, that I wrote in my clear mind, I think you are good for me. I’ll marry you.nn\nNote: About involving other people as you asked, I can get this reviewed by anyone if you still want. I feel I’m writing this in a complete clear state of logical mind, don’t need external validation.nn\n
