---
source: mylogger
mylogger_id: 46686
created: 2023-06-03T00:46:30+00:00
created_raw: 2023-06-03 00:46:30
completed_raw: 
tags:
  - muni
---

Need some help understanding this girl, Swarupa. She is behaving odd now.nnFrom yesterday she is talking less and from behaviour I understand she is upset. She says she is fine sometimes and sometimes she says she is upset about something that she doesn’t want to share with me.nnI can’t live with suspense, It affects my sleep too. I’m not sure what to do in this situation. Please suggest.nn\nWe are talking about engagement on July 9th. Am I choosing a wrong partner?nn\nIf she really didn’t want me to know what she is going through. Why not behave normal?nn\nAsked for help from Indu and Prasanna Y. Will ask Sana, Bada, Bou, Pradyumna and Rajesh also later.(Was planning but not asked Pradyumna)nn\nBou says if she told about venue change in home and they didn’t like, could be upset. Don’t say breaking up because of this. Talk to Sana, Bada first.nn\nRajesh says maybe some other boy approached her and she didn’t like. She is living in a different city 100s of other things might happen to her and she is afraid you will judge her if she says. People say they won’t judge but behave differently. Think positive, she cares about you so don’t want to tell the details to bother you. Learn to live with unknowns, they will tell it after some days. You are new to her. Don’t even think of breaking up for this.nn\nAlso says don’t look for logic, look for intentions. Trust takes time don’t hurry, let her take time. This is best you  will get. Even I have never seen such a girl, you got a jackpot Don’t tell her you discussed with others to make the decisionnn\nSana says if don’t want to say then hide it completely. Also she knows you won’t sleep with disturbances why did not do the same discussion in day time. Also you should leave people alone some time to process their own thoughts, if you constantly poke them they will be busy responding to your current message not addressing the larger issue they are dealing with. Have patience, don’t call or message her. Let her communicate first.nn\nBada says don’t Break up for small things. If something happened in her home, she won’t be comfortable telling. Also she might want to stay silent. If it’s about her home she must be uncomfortable. If it’s about a different boy she would not come till here in the process of marriage. If people angry they want to stay silent. Small things like this will happen. Now only because not married you thinking to breakup, like this things will happen after marriage too, you can’t find people completely like you, learn to accept. Bada says she also does similar behaviour with Rabi.nn\n\nIndu says this kind of drama is okay. It’s a normal behaviour. Tell her I’m giving you space, don’t do anything. You are expecting someone logical like you, to discuss things immediately. Don’t disturb her for a day. Don’t say I’m restless, stop messaging or calling. Indu says she also did it. But people improve, get aligned to each other’s expectations. Observe if it repeats. Tell subtly it’s not acceptable but give her space, she will come back. Don’t poke her just ask if fine now, after a day. Talk something else don’t ask reason.nn\nPY says sometimes people want to be alone so leave. But she could have told reasons and asked not to talk for some time. Now don’t call, she will respect you for giving space, else might ask you to stop calling. Don’t expect things to be clear immediately. Ignore it. If she wants will tell the reason later, you don’t ask. Give value to other's feelings. All wont think like you.
