---
source: mylogger
mylogger_id: 46718
created: 2023-06-10T06:25:19+00:00
created_raw: 2023-06-10 06:25:19
completed_raw: 
tags:
  - muni
---

Slept around 2am. First time stopped in middle of sc. I sent good morning around 9.20. Called at 11am rang but no response. Called again at 11.36am call waiting. Still no response to text too.nnDidn’t call anymore.nn\nShe called back at 12.05pm. Told was talking to Mom, Sister and Debasish in conference to decide venue for engagement. Generally not seeing phone till 1pm in Saturdays. I told you used to see always, says because bf was new. Joked, You told dont Need this much respect so reduced, now living normal life. These days working more so tired and sleepy. Earlier was staying in PG and had less work in office too.nn\nMaybe her new relationship energy is over. Is she less interested?nn\nShe had to go to a colleague’s home for lunch. Called at 3.35pm while returning even before reaching home, but I was shopping and bad signal she asked to callback after reaching home. After finishing shopping I called back from car Sana was with me, talked 17min. At 9.18pm came home and I made a quick call, she has gone out to a restaurant to eat. In call when Sana was your with me I asked what’s plan for today, Swarupa said will watch a movie. I got a weak feeling like why not chatting with me instead of watching movie. But from since she knows me I’m chatting up all her free time. Only once she watched movie the other day when she was  upset. Maybe I should let her have some me time. nn\nShe responds to my calls promptly today all day.nn\nI call Swarupa when I want to talk even when I know she might be sleeping. Like today I called around 11, knew she might be sleeping. But today is first time she didn’t say good morning to me. Though I have sent good morning message she seen at even after 4pm. Talked on call casually, no good morning. These are too small things, not sure why am I noticing. nn\nTold many of my activities Sana says I’m behaving abnormal better to consult psychologist. nn\nSomewhere I see Swarupa also chats continuously when she has tome e.g this Wednesday she did wfh we chatted most of the day. So problem is she gets work with deadlines so gets busy sometimes, socially she lives with a roommate so have to spend some time. Has school friends in touch that takes some time. That causes a void for me. Not sure what’s going on and if right or wrong. Better to seek help.nn\n\n\n
