---
mylogger_id: 41252
tags: [j6]
added: "2019-07-02 11:55:21"
source: mylogger
---

# Note 41252

Tags: #j6

including UML, Modeling and Design skills, expert knowledge of at least one technical area, and ability to coach and train other developers
actively influence and enhance a defined software development process
Able to read and understand project and requirement documentation; able to create high-quality design, technical and project documentation including documentation of his/her code; able to write high-quality use cases and audit documentation
Can play any role, typically a senior position. Responsibilities can include Development Team Lead, Project Coordinator, Software Architect, Reviewer, Auditor, Technical Trainer
Must be a role model for colleagues, on a par with the best industry standards; creates deliverables in excellent-quality
presentations; visit customers without supervision


Good knowledge of architectural theory out of primary technology domain context bounds.
Agile software development processes, approaches and methods (SCRUM, XP, etc.).
Technology and Business domain-specific knowledge as applicable (specified by particular EPAM Solution Practices).
development processes like RUP or “Waterfall” or MSF.
Ability to deep-dive in new technology and get familiar with it in short terms (and pass this knowledge to others).
Ability to conceptually visualize things.
Can create solution architecture documentation, work/feature-breakdown structure document and other related artifacts with deep technical details.
Can act as BA, if dedicated specialist is not involved: 
Can produce coarse-grained estimations on the implementation of architectural assets.
Can process, absorb, retain and reuse business domain knowledge for several of the most popular business domains.
Quickly learns, systematizes, retains and utilizes knowledge (including best practices).
Technology and Business domain-specific knowledge as applicable (specified by particular EPAM Solution Practice).-----------
Solution Architect, Systems/Business Analyst, Team Lead, Test Automation Architect
Can drive the discussion to particular decisions and action items.
Finds and evaluates emerging technologies.
Frequently acts as public speaker to internal or external audience.
Proven participation in customer advisory.
Can write technical review.
Can review white papers and blueprints.
Knowledge of at least 3 business domains.
Is familiar with 3rd party components and solutions applicable in the business domain.
Provides technical guidance and PDP help to key team members considering Architect position as professional future.
