---
mylogger_id: 10152
tags: [sp]
added: "2016-02-20 07:13:15"
source: mylogger
---

# Note 10152

Tags: #sp

Current Symptoms

Paraplegia and sensory is also incomplete, lot of spasticity, no voulntary movements from below abdomen, no fine touch and improved in deep touch at paraplegia area after 6 years of physiotherapy, not able to feel hot, cold, insect bite, itching at paraplegia area.


Primary Diagnosis History (including past and present treatments, rehabilitation, and medications related to the primary diagnosis):
I had done physiotherapy for 7 years after the injury. By physiotherapy i was able to sit with the help of somi brace, done breathing exercises to clear the lungs, able to sit in wheel chair, walked on parallel bar with the help of support for braces from hip, later removed the brace from hip(able to balance the hip) and brace from knees to foot is continuing. Now I am able to walk with the braces from knees to foot with the help of walker.


Additional Secondary Diagnosis and Other Current Injuries, Medical Issues, and/or Infections:

Initially I had no control on bladder. So catheter was inserted later on it was removed as I got control over it. Now able to sit freely with no support and transferring from bed to wheel chair.


Medical History Additional Disease/Injury History and Relevant Family History:

Nothing specific to mention

Past Surgeries and/or Rehabilitation:

Met with an accident on 10-02-2006 at 11 am. Done surgery for spine at T2-T4 level on 12-02-2006 around 10 am by Neuro surgeon(S.V.Ranga Rao, Vijayawada, India). 
Statement about patient's current condition

Hope
I have seen the success stories posted in your website and those looks promising. I'm hoping for moving my legs voluntarily and balance my own weight with help of the simulator. Also some improvement in sensory.

When to start
If accepted after carefully reviewing my current condition. I'll need 20-30 days to start the treatment.
