---
mylogger_id: 46728
tags: [muni]
added: "2023-06-11 16:23:09"
source: mylogger
---

# Note 46728

Tags: #muni

Called me at 9.11pm for 2 min said will call again and not called till now. I didn’t call again as I used to do.

But why this late? Or why not say will talk again later instead of saying tike ruha karuchi.

\
As guessed, she was in a different call. I couldn’t resist and called at 9.52pm. Call was waiting.

\
At 9.57pm she called back, she was on auto.  I asked you said tike pare call karuchi au kalani, she says tipare mane ghare pahanchila pare bi hei pare na. Sabu katha kan akhyare kashyare palana karibi?

\
I said na, hele exact information kahi pariba na. Se kahila setebele road cross kariki auto dharuthila. Pare call kala bele tanka ghare katha hauthile.

\
Conclusion: Total time of waiting was not even 1hr. Her intention is always good, she thinks can finish things quick and call but not estimating it well. Maybe I can live with this

So think once long and hard if can really live with this issue. If can then stop observing and feeling anxious again ever. If can’t then reject now.

\
Logically, she was in auto that time, has to reach home, rest, cook and eat. It will be at least 11.30pm. Don’t message or call till then, after that call or message talk normally. Sleep on time.

\
I should give her breathing space. Meanwhile read something, even learn to stay without doing anything.

\
Response: She pinged on telegram exactly at 11.30pm. She was talking to her mom on call and chatted with me simultaneously. I asked to call to discuss about photography, she called at 12 after finishing call with her mom. I was over thinking as always. As always she didn’t mention anything about the evening.
