---
mylogger_id: 46755
tags: [muni]
added: "2023-06-15 23:31:43"
source: mylogger
---

# Note 46755

Tags: #muni

Had drank 2 black coffees, that also might have contributed to lack of sleep.

But resist the temptation, let her initiate communication. Maybe I’m being too much dependent on her. If think positively she must be sleepy and slept without talking for that I’m being mildly restless. Better to learn self control. If things are negative, and she is upset for me not being available then also she is wrong this time. Whole day she was busy I called and messaged from lunch time she called back at evening when I was warming up in Gym talked 3min and after gym talked only 6min. Then I picked up Sana she only told will talk later, I was asking to continue talking. Later I called while starting to Rajesh home, she didn’t respond and called when reached and talked one minute. After I come back I pinged she responded after some time saying just great. Later when she pinged asking what I was doing I was talking to Sana, before seeing messages she called to say good night, concluded the call in 57 sec.

\
I’m not sure why I should I chase her. Don’t even ask if she was upset if she talks normally just ignore this. A test for me to understand emotions without asking. If she shows any signs of disappointment can ask what happened. If she Doesn’t message or call by 10am can send good morning message and call too. Ideally I should wait for her to initiate communication though, but I’m impatient

\
Sent good morning around 8.40

\
She asking why disconnected abnormally? I thought she disconnected she thinks I did. Network issue probably. Not sure if I did involuntarily. Because after hearing sleepy, I would have done. But I don’t remember doing it. But why she didn’t call back? Need to ask.

\
Says got chid chida as heard me saying bye after she says sleepy, thinking what’s wrong in feeling sleepy, I might have disconnected saying bye as automatic response, not told her this, as I’m not sure what really happened. But that time I thought she disconnected. That time she thought I disconnected. 

She said after discussion that phone khela kari dela

\
