---
mylogger_id: 42786
tags: [util]
added: "2020-08-02 06:05:01"
completed: "2022-01-13 11:42:22"
source: mylogger
---

# Note 42786

Tags: #util

### Migration plan to Node, MongoDB, GraphQL

Setup Node apollo-express

* Define GraphQL schema
* Route all requests to existing REST endpoint using Resolvers

\
Adopt UI/Web to use GraphQL / Apollo client with apollo cache

* Organize existing code
* Use react tools to build and serve
* Define router and routes if required
* Add profile page

\
Implement APIs in Node connecting to existing mysql DB

* Define Database schema
* Separate DB Layer. Make flexible to switch between databases
* Add MyLogger Query Processor
* Identify and add Data encryption

Migrate telegram bot from Java to Node

Import MySQL data to MongoDB. Start using MongoDB

Migration Completed!!

\
==Usability issues==

Allow login by Email OTP, Remove Phone and FB login. Login with telegram and MS SSO. - Prasanna

Error handling, when OTP is wrong. Overal code review/refactoring required.(organize the code, consider react tools) - Prasanna will create new app structure, Kisor will add old code and refactor

\
Introduce redux

Remove the + button, let user add information in Empty box. - Daljit

How will you add new empty box? We should allow to add above or below any card.

Each card will have multiple tags

Now it's hard coded to specific tag, allow user to add tags.(Add in the hidden bar)

Backend to remember order or card in any board.

Move the show all check near logout - Daljit

Bulk edit options: Archive, Delete, Update tags

Default board with refilled content(Kisor will write user manual here)

Do not refresh data - Daljit

State is disconnected form UI, fix it

Configurable boards(By detail only one, max 3)

Show the tag for boards when loaded

\
