---
mylogger_id: 13808
tags: [j5]
added: "2018-02-28 05:33:57"
completed: "2018-02-28 00:34:10"
source: mylogger
---

# Note 13808

Tags: #j5

epam 

  - Removed the regex hardcoding to config- Done 
  - There was no decorator also OCP violation, fix this- Done
  - remove path variable in rest for accepting password - make it post- Done
  - junits are not thorough, just one method, the other for cntroller is unimplemented- Done
  - naming in unit tests is below par.- Done upto best of my current knowledge. I recognize the scope to improve in this area, will definitely do it.
  - see if rules can be loaded dynamically- Done
  - have a core API for services - could be a separate jar- Done
  - increase the unit tests, should be able to check individual rule- Done





  Projects
   validation-service
    Provided core interface for Validator implementors and Validation Service
   Post contstruction of the validation service, the bean loads all jars available in config dir and creates validator instances from the classes that Implements Validator interface. Also starts a file change listener to listen for jar chages, to support hot reload.
    File change listener: On add new validators are added to validation. On Remove corresponding validators are removed. On Modify remove old and add new validators.
    
    This project shoulbe run "mvn package install" to make the jar available in local repository. Other 3 programs depeds on this.
   
   regex-validator-impl
    Validates the given input against the configured regex.
    This jar can be dropped in config folder and the Validator implementations are dynamically loaded.

   dictionary-validator-impl
    Validates the given input against the configured dictionary of words
    This jar can be dropped in config folder and the Validator implementations are dynamically loaded.

   validation-demo-app
    A spring boot application injects the validation-service and uses it.
    If given string is valid it return true and no message, if invalid it returns false and messages containing reason.

Known Issue
===========
"^[a-zA-Z0-9]*$",false,"Must consist of a mixture of lowercase letters, and numerical digits only, with at least one of each." 

is not completely correct.



Could not do now due to time constraint
=======================================
 Compare checksum of old and new file of modified file, if no change no action should be taken.



Review
 Never print password into log
 Interfaces and methods
 Variable Names
 Unused classes and methods(especially the unused test classes)
 Is Exception handling done correctly in HotReload and Services?



TOOD
Read OCP, SOLID, Liskov https://softwareengineering.stackexchange.com/questions/178488/lsp-vs-ocp-liskov-substitution-vs-open-close
Java streams are Lazily processed. Is it ture?
Why static class?
Maven project vs module?
