---
mylogger_id: 46729
tags: [med1]
added: "2023-06-11 17:24:53"
source: mylogger
---

# Note 46729

Tags: #med1

How to know healthy boundaries? I call or chat all the time. Noticing minor things like if she says good morning or not, if calls back at exact time when she told will do or not. She gets irritated if I ask reason for minor delays, I also get irritated as she generally late or says will call you shortly and doesn’t call for 40+ minutes. How much delay is acceptable? How do I know if she is negligent or ignoring me? Or Am I being obsessed?

Why she never says that she can’t talk. Most time she says you can sleep if you want.

\
Should I really reduce messaging/calling to see if she does? If I give some hours gap she does but most of the time I’m free and bombarding her with messages

\
These days not seeing messages calls.

\
Most times when we get some conflicts I aggressively communicate and try to resolve but she says she want to stay silent but I generally Never leave in silence. What is good thing to do?

\
Yesterday she told will call after going home, but if I wait not sure when she will really callback as she has to cook, eat, talk to roommate, talk to friends and family on phone. I’m afraid she will forget me and I’ll feel neglected, also I don’t have the patience to wait and see if she really forgets me. I call much ahead of the the time when she will possibly be free. How to behave here?

\
I feel anxious, sometimes feel if she ignores me, but most of the time I feel she fails to estimate time and communicating wrongly. She could say will call again later when got free instead of saying will call shortly. Not sure if her way of communicating is acceptable generally?

\
I did not notice this much in beginning, now engagement is planned on 9th July. Maybe I didn’t expect much from her earlier also she was more attentive earlier, she herself says she was more concerned as we were new now she trying to behave more like her normal self. Going back to her normal routine, e.g not seeing/responding to messages till 1pm on Saturdays.
