---
mylogger_id: 46839
tags: [med1]
added: "2023-07-17 15:09:14"
source: mylogger
---

# Note 46839

Tags: #med1

I feel kind of panic if she doesn’t respond me quickly. It feels even worse when I get to know she is not responding because she has finished work and roaming out with friends.

\
Today I asked if finished work at 7.06pm, no response till 8.30pm when her mom called. She did not mention that Swarupa is working now, so I assume she has finished work and must have gone out for roaming without responding to me. At 8.31pm I sent what’s up? As message again. I know she wont respond now still I sent, expecting her to give some info on what she did in evening without having to ask.

\
She had sent a reel today that says she doesn’t want a bf, she is independent. Does this means she wants to send that message to me that she is independent and don’t try to interfere?

\
From today late afternoon again I’m obsessed assessing her mentally, thinking if should reject. Not sure what is going in my brain.

\
Renuka and Indu says some girls are like this.

\
Indu: First become comfortable in dealing with emotional disturbances.

Then draw strict line, tell her this kind of state is not acceptable for me. Let me know what I do to become like old, then we will talk. But tell in soft way. Start with that independent video, is she wants a break from me.

\
Swarupa: 9.07pm she responded saying sitting not doing anything, work is not done, 70 are pending. So mostly she did not go out. 

\
I asked if she does not want a bf now, she got angry saying wont sent reels anymore you interpreting what you want, there were many messages in that. But I told I asked so I can improve if anything, she told nothing, we moved on.
